# Test on Sokoban Domain from IPC-2008

Exploring the Sokoban domain from the [International Planning Competition (IPC) 2008](https://github.com/potassco/pddl-instances/tree/master/ipc-2008/domains/sokoban-sequential-optimal-strips).

## Content Overview

This repository contains various resources and files used for testing and evaluation in the Sokoban domain. Below is a breakdown of the content:

### 1. Code
The `_code` folder contains Python code files with heuristic specifications used to run the planner.

### 2. Domain
The `_domain` folder includes the PDDL (Planning Domain Definition Language) domain model for the Sokoban domain.

### 3. Problem Files
The `_problem_files` folder holds the benchmark dataset for Sokoban from IPC-2008. It also includes mapped versions of these problems in the DeepCubeA specific representation.

### 4. Results
The `_results` folder contains the results from different experimental evaluations:
- `pddl_results`: Output files generated by the planner for each heuristic.
- `dc_results`: Output files produced by DeepCubeA.

### 5. Mapping Notebook
The `mapping.ipynb` file provides the code for mapping the PDDL instances into the DeepCubeA specific representation for Sokoban.

### 6. Utility Functions
The `utils.py` file contains utility functions required for representation mapping and visualization.

### 7. Visualization
The `viz.py` file includes a _tkinter_ implementation for visualizing Sokoban plans. 
- Usage: 
  - `--problem <problemFile>`
  - `--plan <planFile>`
  - If the plan is generated from DeepCubeA, an additional argument `--dc 1` is required for visualization.
- The `test.sh` script contains example command-line commands for plan visualization.

## Visualization Requirements

To run the visualization scripts, you need to have the tkinter library installed. You can install it using pip:

```bash
pip install tk
